# Keeping Your Renters Happy: An Analysis of AirBnb Ratings & Customer Reviews
### Intro
Since its establishment in 2007, Airbnb has transformed the travelling and accommodation landscape. The company is now one of the most popular lodging websites for travelers across the world. As an accommodation platform, Airbnb relies heavily on customers’ feedback to inform other customers’ decision on where to stay. Yet, much of the dynamics that shape customer reviews and ratings are unclear. In this project, we investigate patterns in customer reviews and factors influencing customer feedback (both in numeric ratings and written reviews) using sentiment analysis, word clouds, two-mode text networks, and simultaneous regression models. We also use these analytical tools to compare these patterns across Bangkok and San Francisco – two major metropolitans and tourist destinations of the world.

Overall, the findings provide interesting insights: while they confirm some apparent knowledge that listings with good/helpful hosts, good location, and clean and comfortable space invite more positive customer feedback, analyses also show that how hosts advertise about themselves, and their properties also matters. Particularly, hosts with positive introductions/biographies & positive neighborhood descriptions tend to receive higher customer ratings and more positive reviews. 

In addition, the findings also reveal some inherent difference of Airbnb reviews in Bangkok and San Francisco. The former’s districts can be divided into three explicitly clear clusters based on the level/amount of material features that their Airbnb listings possess (such as good locations or premium amenities). In contrast, San Francisco has notably more clusters that are overlapping and tend to have a more distinct qualitative characteristics or “vibes”. 
